---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_sender_authentication Data Source - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Sender Authentication resource.
  Sender authentication refers to the process of showing email providers that SendGrid has your permission to send emails on your behalf.
  For more detailed information, please see the SendGrid documentation https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/domain-authentication.
---

# sendgrid_sender_authentication (Data Source)

Provides a Sender Authentication resource.

Sender authentication refers to the process of showing email providers that SendGrid has your permission to send emails on your behalf.

For more detailed information, please see the [SendGrid documentation](https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/domain-authentication).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sendgrid_sender_authentication" "example" {
  id = "123456789"
}

output "domain" {
  value = data.sendgrid_sender_authentication.example.domain
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the authenticated domain.

### Read-Only

- `custom_dkim_selector` (String) Add a custom DKIM selector. Accepts three letters or numbers.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether to use this authenticated domain as the fallback if no authenticated domains match the sender's domain.
- `dns` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns))
- `domain` (String) Domain being authenticated.
- `ips` (Set of String) The IP addresses that will be included in the custom SPF record for this authenticated domain. NOTE: Even if you add the associated IPs when running the Domain Authentication API, the response returns an empty IP list. Also, even if you execute the IP association/disassociation API, the results may not be reflected immediately after executing the authentication domain acquisition API.
- `legacy` (Boolean) Whether to use this authenticated domain as the fallback if no authenticated domains match the sender's domain.
- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain to use for this authenticated domain.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that this domain is associated with.
- `username` (String) The username associated with this domain.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a valid authenticated domain.

<a id="nestedatt--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns`

Read-Only:

- `data` (String) The DNS record.
- `host` (String) The domain that this DNS record was created for.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicated whether the CName of the DNS is valid or not.
