---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_link_branding Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Link Branding resource.
  Email link branding (formerly "Link Whitelabel") allows all of the click-tracked links, opens, and images in your emails to be served from your domain rather than sendgrid.net. Spam filters and recipient servers look at the links within emails to determine whether the email looks trustworthy. They use the reputation of the root domain to determine whether the links can be trusted.
  For more detailed information, please see the SendGrid documentation https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/link-branding.
---

# sendgrid_link_branding (Resource)

Provides a Link Branding resource.

Email link branding (formerly "Link Whitelabel") allows all of the click-tracked links, opens, and images in your emails to be served from your domain rather than sendgrid.net. Spam filters and recipient servers look at the links within emails to determine whether the email looks trustworthy. They use the reputation of the root domain to determine whether the links can be trusted.

For more detailed information, please see the [SendGrid documentation](https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/link-branding).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sendgrid_link_branding" "example" {
  domain    = "example.com"
  subdomain = "abc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The root domain of the branded link.

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default link branding.
- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain used to generate the DNS records for this link branding. This subdomain must be different from the subdomain used for your authenticated domain.

### Read-Only

- `dns` (Attributes Set) The DNS records generated for this link branding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns))
- `id` (String) The ID of the branded link.
- `legacy` (Boolean) Indicates if this link branding was created using the legacy whitelabel tool. If it is a legacy whitelabel, it will still function, but you'll need to create new link branding if you need to update it.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that this link branding is associated with.
- `username` (String) The username of the account that this link branding is associated with.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicates if this link branding is valid.

<a id="nestedatt--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns`

Read-Only:

- `data` (String) The DNS record.
- `host` (String) The domain that this DNS record was created for.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicated whether the CName of the DNS is valid or not.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
% terraform import sendgrid_link_branding.example <branded link id>
```
