---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_sender_authentication Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Sender Authentication resource.
  Sender authentication refers to the process of showing email providers that SendGrid has your permission to send emails on your behalf.
  For more detailed information, please see the SendGrid documentation https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/domain-authentication.
---

# sendgrid_sender_authentication (Resource)

Provides a Sender Authentication resource.

Sender authentication refers to the process of showing email providers that SendGrid has your permission to send emails on your behalf.

For more detailed information, please see the [SendGrid documentation](https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/domain-authentication).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sendgrid_sender_authentication" "example" {
  domain = "example.com"
}

output "ips" {
  value = sendgrid_sender_authentication.example.ips
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Domain being authenticated.

### Optional

- `custom_dkim_selector` (String) Add a custom DKIM selector. Accepts three letters or numbers.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether to use this authenticated domain as the fallback if no authenticated domains match the sender's domain.
- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain to use for this authenticated domain.

### Read-Only

- `dns` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns))
- `id` (String) The ID of the authenticated domain.
- `ips` (Set of String) The IP addresses that will be included in the custom SPF record for this authenticated domain. NOTE: even if it adds the associated IP when executing the domain authentication API, the response returns an empty list of IPs, which causes a difference with the value set by terraform, so IP association/detachment is not supported.
- `legacy` (Boolean) Whether to use this authenticated domain as the fallback if no authenticated domains match the sender's domain.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that this domain is associated with.
- `username` (String) The username associated with this domain.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a valid authenticated domain.

<a id="nestedatt--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns`

Read-Only:

- `data` (String) The DNS record.
- `host` (String) The domain that this DNS record was created for.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicated whether the CName of the DNS is valid or not.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
% terraform import sendgrid_sender_authentication.example <id>
```
