---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_sender_verification Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Sender Verification resource.
  To protect your sending reputation and to uphold legitimate sending behavior, we require customers to verify their Sender Identities.
  For more detailed information, please see the SendGrid documentation https://docs.sendgrid.com/ui/sending-email/sender-verification.
---

# sendgrid_sender_verification (Resource)

Provides a Sender Verification resource.

To protect your sending reputation and to uphold legitimate sending behavior, we require customers to verify their Sender Identities.

For more detailed information, please see the [SendGrid documentation](https://docs.sendgrid.com/ui/sending-email/sender-verification).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sendgrid_sender_verification" "example" {
  reply_to   = "noreply@example.com"
  from_name  = "dummy"
  from_email = "dummy@example.com"
  address    = "dummy"
  address2   = "dummy"
  city       = "dummy"
  country    = "JPN"
  nickname   = "dummy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) company address
- `city` (String) company city
- `country` (String) company country
- `from_email` (String) This will display to the user as the email address that sent this email. We will send the verification email to the address you enter in this field. If you have not received your verification email after some time, please refer back to the Sender settings and confirm that the "From" email is a valid address.
- `from_name` (String) This is a user-friendly name that is displayed to your recipient when they receive their email.
- `nickname` (String) A label for your sender identity to help you identify it more quickly. This label is not visible to your recipients.
- `reply_to` (String) If your user hits reply in their email, the reply will go to this address.

### Optional

- `address2` (String) company address line 2
- `reply_to_name` (String) reply to name
- `state` (String) company state
- `zip` (String) company zip

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the verified sender.
- `locked` (Boolean) locked
- `verified` (Boolean) verified

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
% terraform import sendgrid_sender_verification.example <id>
```
