---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_sso_teammate Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a SSO Teammate resource.
  SSO Teammates is an account administration and security tool designed to help manage multiple users on a single SendGrid account. Teammates is built for groups of shared users, where each user has a different role and thus requires access to different SendGrid features.
  For more detailed information, please see the SendGrid documentation https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/teammates.
---

# sendgrid_sso_teammate (Resource)

Provides a SSO Teammate resource.

SSO Teammates is an account administration and security tool designed to help manage multiple users on a single SendGrid account. Teammates is built for groups of shared users, where each user has a different role and thus requires access to different SendGrid features.

For more detailed information, please see the [SendGrid documentation](https://docs.sendgrid.com/glossary/teammates).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sendgrid_sso_teammate" "example" {
  email      = "dummy@example.com"
  first_name = "first"
  last_name  = "last"
  is_admin   = true
  scopes     = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Teammate's email
- `first_name` (String) Teammate's first name
- `last_name` (String) Teammate's last name

### Optional

- `is_admin` (Boolean) Set to true if teammate has admin privileges.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Add or remove permissions from a Teammate using this scopes property. See [Teammate Permissions](https://www.twilio.com/docs/sendgrid/ui/account-and-settings/teammate-permissions) for a complete list of available scopes. You should not include this propety in the request when setting the `is_admin` property to `true` or `subuser_access` property to a list of subuser accesses.
- `subuser_access` (Attributes List) Specify which Subusers the Teammate may access and act on behalf of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subuser_access))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `username` (String) Teammate's username

<a id="nestedatt--subuser_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subuser_access`

Required:

- `id` (Number) Set this property to the ID of a Subuser to which the Teammate should have access.
- `permission_type` (String) Grant the level of access the Teammate should have to the specified Subuser with this property. This property value may be either `admin` or `restricted`. When set to `restricted`, the Teammate has only the permissions assigned in the `scopes` property.

Optional:

- `scopes` (Set of String) Add or remove permissions that the Teammate can access on behalf of the Subuser. See [Teammate Permissions](https://www.twilio.com/docs/sendgrid/ui/account-and-settings/teammate-permissions) for a complete list of available scopes. You should not include this property in the request when the `permission_type` property is set to `admin` — administrators have full access to the specified Subuser.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
% terraform import sendgrid_sso_teammate.example <teammate's email>
```
