---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sendgrid_template_version Resource - terraform-provider-sendgrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a template version resource.
  Represents the code for a particular transactional template. Each transactional template can have multiple versions, each version with its own subject and content. Each user can have up to 300 versions across across all templates.
  For more information about transactional templates, please see our Transactional Templates documentation. You can also manage your Transactional Templates in the Dynamic Templates section of the Twilio SendGrid App.
---

# sendgrid_template_version (Resource)

Provides a template version resource.

Represents the code for a particular transactional template. Each transactional template can have multiple versions, each version with its own subject and content. Each user can have up to 300 versions across across all templates.

For more information about transactional templates, please see our Transactional Templates documentation. You can also manage your Transactional Templates in the Dynamic Templates section of the Twilio SendGrid App.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sendgrid_template" "example" {
  name       = "dummy"
  generation = "dynamic"
}

resource "sendgrid_template_version" "example" {
  template_id = sendgrid_template.example.id
  name        = "dummy"
  active      = 1
  test_data = jsonencode({
    "name" : "dummy"
  })
  html_content = "<%body%>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for the transactional template.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the transactional template.

### Optional

- `active` (Number) Set the version as the active version associated with the template (0 is inactive, 1 is active). Only one version of a template can be active. The first version created for a template will automatically be set to Active. Allowed Values: 0, 1
- `editor` (String) The editor used in the UI.
- `generate_plain_content` (Boolean) If true, plain_content is always generated from html_content. If false, plain_content is not altered.
- `html_content` (String) The HTML content of the version. Maximum of 1048576 bytes allowed.
- `plain_content` (String) Text/plain content of the transactional template version. Maximum of 1048576 bytes allowed.
- `subject` (String) Subject of the new transactional template version. maxLength: 255
- `test_data` (String) For dynamic templates only, the mock json data that will be used for template preview and test sends.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the transactional template version.
- `thumbnail_url` (String) A Thumbnail preview of the template's html content.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
% terraform import sendgrid_template_version.example <template id>/<template version id>
```
